NodeJS doc updates (#55)
openshift-knative/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/functions/dev_guide/nodejs/invoking-nodejs.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies
// /functions/user_guide/develop-nodejs.adoc

[id="invoking-nodejs"]

> = Invoking Node.js functions

Author: probably need to re-comment this out so there aren't too many headings

Functions can be invoked with a simple HTTP request. When an incoming request is received, functions are invoked with a `context` object as the first parameter.

== Context objects

> Functions are invoked by calling a `context` object as the first parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions are invoked providing a `context` object as the first parameter.
```

.Example context object
[source,js]
----
function processPurchase(context, data)
----

This object provides access to the incoming HTTP request information, including the HTTP request method, any query strings or headers sent with the request, the HTTP version, and the request body. If the incoming request is a CloudEvent, the CloudEvent itself will also be found on the context object.

> // this isn't clear what it means to me - isn't it all HTTP? Do we mean the CE data?

Reviewer: Yes, all incoming requests are HTTP. Incoming requests that contain a [CloudEvent](https://cloudevents.github.io/sdk-javascript/classes/cloudevent.html) will attach the incoming instance of the `CloudEvent` to the `context` object so that it can be accessed using `context.cloudevent`. Does that help?

// Add context object reference doc

=== Context object methods

The `context` object has a single method, `cloudEventResponse()` that accepts a data value and returns a CloudEvent.

In a Knative system, if a function deployed as a service is invoked by an event broker sending a CloudEvent, the broker will examine the response. If the response is a CloudEvent, this event will then be handled by the broker.

.Example
[source,js]
----
// Expects to receive a CloudEvent with customer data
function processCustomer(context, customer) {
  // process the customer
  const processed = processCustomer(customer);
  return context.cloudEventResponse(customer);
}
----

== Second parameter

> // better name for what this is

Reviewer: How about "CloudEvent data", since a second parameter is only provided if the incoming request contains a CloudEvent.

Author: Great, thank you!
